only set host when server addr is IP (close #447) (#451)
megaease/easegress: doc/reference/filters.md

| Name   | Type     | Description                                                                                                  | Required |
| ------ | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | -------- |

> | url    | string   | Address of the server, the address should start with `http://` or `https://`, followed by the hostname or IP address of the server, and then optionally followed by `:{port number}`, for example: `https://www.megaease.com`, `http://10.10.10.10:8080`. When host name is used, the `Host` of a request sent to this server is always the hostname of the server, using a [RequestAdaptor](#requestadaptor) in the pipeline to modify it will not be possible; when IP address is used, the `Host` is the same as the original request, that's can be modified by a [RequestAdaptor](#requestadaptor).        | Yes      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| url    | string   | Address of the server. The address should start with `http://` or `https://`, followed by the hostname or IP address of the server, and then optionally followed by `:{port number}`, for example: `https://www.megaease.com`, `http://10.10.10.10:8080`. When host name is used, the `Host` of a request sent to this server is always the hostname of the server, and therefore using a [RequestAdaptor](#requestadaptor) in the pipeline to modify it will not be possible; when IP address is used, the `Host` is the same as the original request, that can be modified by a [RequestAdaptor](#requestadaptor).        | Yes      |
```
